feat: add mockAll (#15)
userlike/joke: README.md

## Partial mocking

> When you need to mock a module partially and to keep the rest of the module unmocked, you can use `mockSome`. Behind the scenes, it uses `jest.requireActual`; extends actual implementation with the given implementation using `Object.assign`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you need to mock a module partially and want to keep the rest of the module unmocked, you can use `mockSome`. Behind the scenes, it uses `jest.requireActual` by extending its actual implementation with the given implementation using `Object.assign`.
```
